feat(ToolCalls): added component (#667)
patternfly/chatbot: packages/module/patternfly-docs/content/extensions/chatbot/examples/Messages/Messages.md

### Messages with deep thinking

You can share details about the "thought process" behind an LLM's response, also known as deep thinking. To display a customizable, expandable card with these details, pass `deepThinking` to `<Message>` and provide a subheading (optional) and content body.

Because this is an evolving area, this card content is currently fully customizable.

```js file="./MessageWithDeepThinking.tsx"

```

### Messages with tool calls

> If you are using [model context protocol (MCP)](https://www.redhat.com/en/blog/model-context-protocol-discover-missing-link-ai-integration), you may find it useful to display information on tool calls as part of a message. Passing `toolCalls` to `<Message>` allows you to display a card with tool call content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using [model context protocol (MCP)](https://www.redhat.com/en/blog/model-context-protocol-discover-missing-link-ai-integration), you can share tool call information with users as part of a message. To display a tool card card, pass `toolCalls` to `<Message>`. This card contains a title, actions for running the tool and cancelling, and optional descriptive text.

You can also display a loading animation until the tool call can be run. To visualize loading behavior in this example, select the "Tool calls are loading" checkbox. 
```
